Add Jib extensions info to build plugin docs (#3022)
GoogleContainerTools/jib: docs/faq.md

}
```

### I want to exclude files from layers, have more fine-grained control over layers, change file ownership, etc.

See ["Jib build plugins don't have the feature that I need"](#jib-build-plugins-dont-have-the-feature-that-i-need).

### Jib build plugins don't have the feature that I need.

> The Jib plugins have an extension framework that enables anyone to easily extend and tailor the Jib behavior to their liking. We have already written a few useful extensions, for example, that enables [fine-grained layer control](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions/tree/master/first-party/jib-layer-filter-extension-gradle) (such as including deleting files and moving files into new layers), and [supports Quarkus](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions/tree/master/first-party/jib-quarkus-extension-gradle). You can also write your own extension. Check out the [jib-extensions](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jib build plugins have an extension framework that enables anyone to easily extend Jib's behavior to their needs. We maintain select [first-party](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions/tree/master/first-party) plugins for popular use cases like [fine-grained layer control](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions/tree/master/first-party/jib-layer-filter-extension-gradle) and [Quarkus support](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions/tree/master/first-party/jib-quarkus-extension-gradle), but anyone can write and publish an extension. Check out the [jib-extensions](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions) repository for more information.
```
